Well, good evening, family.
How are y'all doing today?
I thought I'd come on and do a prayer video with you, and we'll pray over the nation, and we'll go over what the Lord showed me in our prayer time last time.
That was a dandy.
I have never seen in the spirit anything like what I was shown this last prayer video.
And so I had to process it.
Braden and I both did because he's been studying and seeing all the things that I've been telling him I was shown in the spirit about the lizard people.
And I know it's way out there, and I am not a sci-fi person.
I'm just telling you, this was something that I have never seen in all the times of me praying in all my life.
I've never seen what I was shown concerning all the Nephilim—and I don't want to butcher the word again—Nephilim, whatever.
But it was as we were praying for Mark, the prime minister of Canada, and I did not know that he was coming to America to have a meeting with President Trump the next day.
And it was concerning the economy.
And when we were praying for Mark—I don't even know his last name, I'll just say Canada PM.
Carney.
We were praying for that man, and we are praying for the revival that will come forth out of Canada.
But I told you I saw great darkness trying to come on the Canadian people with great pressure coming on the land.
And it would be persecution towards the body of Christ, and it would be like an olive press.
And as the olives were being pressed, a new anointing, a new oil was coming forth.
And the Lord told us that we would see a major revival as people got righteous indignation saying, "Hey, we've had enough.
" And I saw the church rise up like a giant with a backbone, a great mighty moving force in Canada, and a great revival will spring forth out of Canada in the days ahead.
But it will come forth out of persecution.
And that's what we were shown, that this would start to take place because the antichrist system was going to really fast-track in the days ahead, that we would see a great fast-track concerning things of the beast system.
Folks, we're living in the last of the last days.
I know I say this all the time, but you truly need to hear me.
Jesus Christ is coming.
If you cannot feel the urgency in the spirit realm as we pray, I guess your wood is wet.
I mean, I truly believe with all my heart there's a stir, like my wife and I were talking about today driving around.
I said, "I've never felt the spirit realm like this before.
I've never felt the pressure and the stirring to intercede for this great outpouring and this move of God like we're experiencing right now, getting ready to experience.
" I feel it.
I feel it's tangible.
We're on the edge of this, and the Lord told us, when we hit the 23rd of September, that that was the point of no return.
I got my tea ahead of time, and everybody recommended this tea.
They said, "Brandon, buy that tea.
Buy that tea.
" So, I bought this tea, and I got those pills, you know, those little—it's called Breathe.
It's the Breathe stuff by Nature's Sunshine.
And so Diana got me that.
But it's working because I'm not coughing like I was.
It still does when I talk a lot, but I'm doing a lot better.
So, what we're seeing right now is we have entered into the beginning of the sorrows.
And I'm telling you by the spirit of God, when I'm praying into this, and I have been interceding big time—I'm talking I have prayed more in the spirit this last week than I have in probably my whole entire life.
It feels like I continue, I'm continually not even taking a break.
It feels like I'm just burning, and I told Di, I said, "You just feel it.
There's something, there's a major something that is about to take place.
" And this is one of the things that I wanted to show you that I believe that the power of prayer stopped today in Washington.
And not very many people, you know, we don't hear about everything.
We only get certain stories in the news they give us, and they rerun those stories all the time.
We don't even hear half the stuff that's going on in the nation.
But this is a major thing that was stopped today.
And I wonder how many of you all heard about this major event taking place.
Go ahead and play that clip of what was stopped today in Washington, D.
C.
, that a man—I'll just give you a summary real quick before you hear Fox.
A man told everybody that he was there to assassinate the Supreme Court judges.
So here, listen.
"Well, we are learning more about the suspect that was arrested outside a DC cathedral ahead of a mass marking the start of the Supreme Court's new term.
Police are revealing he had a massive supply of homemade explosives.
Bizarre guy.
Griff Jenkins joins us live outside Washington with the details.
Hey, Griff.
Yeah, good morning, Brian, Ainsley, and Lawrence.
What's really frightening about this is that Supreme Court justices were expected to attend this annual Red Mass, which marked the start of a new Supreme Court term and honored the judiciary.
A 41-year-old South Jersey man named Luis Geri arrested on the cathedral's steps with more than 200 homemade explosives.
They included Molotov cocktails and vials containing nitromethane, a compound used in the Oklahoma City bombing.
Now, court documents show that Geri threatened to detonate the devices and handed officers writings, expressing anger towards the Catholic Church, the Supreme Court justices, members of the Jewish faith, and get this, ICE, when officers told the man they were going to forcibly remove him.
The court documents also say that he responded by telling cops, 'Several of your people are going to die from one of these.
' Now, DC police said in a statement during the arrest, officers observed multiple suspicious items, including vials of liquid and possible fireworks inside of the suspect's tent.
The suspect is preliminarily charged with unlawful entry, threats to kidnap or injure a person, and possession of a Molotov cocktail.
The investigation is ongoing.
Reports say that security threat actually prevented the justices from attending.
And now that suspect, Luis Geri, is being held without bond, facing multiple charges, including possession of a weapon of mass destruction.
" So, did anybody know that happened?
I just know the power of prayer.
I just know that prayer changes things.
And this is what I believe we're called to do.
We keep stopping these events from taking place.
This man did not hurt anybody.
He just was—I don't know if he exposed himself or whatever happened, but the law enforcement stopped this man from hurting anybody.
The justices were safe.
200 explosive devices.
I mean folks, that's a lot.
And it was the same stuff that was used in the Oklahoma City thing, back in the '90s.
So I just want to give God praise when we do have something like that of that magnitude, that could have been something very significant, stopped.
You don't just bypass it.
You have to give God glory for what he's doing in our nation as he's stopping things.
That no weapon, like we say over and over again, no weapon formed against this country is going to prosper.
That if we as a people who are called by his name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we will hear from heaven.
And he said he would heal our land.
And as we are praying by the thousands, I truly believe if one of us can put a thousand to flight, how much can 50,000 of us put to flight?
I can't even do the math.
Braden would have to get the calculator out.
But that's hundreds of thousands of angels, hundreds of thousands of angels.
Look at what God can do with this group of people.
And I just believe this is just the beginning.
The Lord told us, he said, Braden, I've called you right now to stand as a watchman on the wall and tell my people that I'm coming, and I'm doing exactly that.
I'm warning you all what's coming next.
And so as we were shown the UK, you going to show them this article real quick.
I'm just showing you some things that have come up in the news before I get to the lizard people.
I was waiting; I was wanting some more people to come in so they could hear what I saw about the lizard people.
What is that?
UK council said...
are you talking about that one?
Yeah.
What is that?
'UK council to ban Christians from praying for people.
' Yeah, Christian preachers should be jailed for up to two years.
This is in the UK.
So they're trying to pass a bill in the UK that if you come across as offensive to anybody, and ask them if they need prayer or pray for them and it offends them, they have the right to prosecute you and put you in prison for two years for praying for people in the United Kingdom.
And it's an actual thing we studied because I thought, 'Oh, that's AI.
Somebody's messing around.
' No, it's real.
They have legislation that they're going to try to put you in jail for praying for people.
I said, 'Boy, where are you going to put all the people when the revival takes place?
' Do you understand?
Do you see what the enemy is doing right now, folks?
Do you see it?
He is trying to forego the revival.
He knows what's been prophesied.
He knows what's coming: the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before, from sea to shining sea all the way around.
I'm telling you, the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
We're about to see it with demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God.
Creative, miracle-working power is going to show up and show off in this last day.
I'm telling you, it's time.
God said, 'I'm leaving the ninety-nine and going after the one.
' And that's what we're about to see.
We're going to see this.
And I believe Satan is at an all-time high alert in his kingdom, and he's freaking out.
'What do we do to stop this?
So we don't want you praying for people; we'll put you in jail for two years.
' He's such a dirtbag.
So, that's what's happening.
Do you have a little video on that?
Yeah.
Look, listen.
You can hear a little clip of it.
This is a man over there in England.
He's a news reporter in England, and you can hear it.
I won't keep any of this up very long because of copyrights, but I'll let you hear a little bit right now and then I'll pull these little clips.
I don't have a choice.
But I want you to hear some of this.
You need to know what's coming.
This is why we're here to pray.
Can you let them hear it?
'With me, Martin Daubney.
Now, the Labour-run Rushmoor Borough Council has sparked outrage by proposing a sweeping injunction that could see Christian street preachers imprisoned for up to two years if the injunction is breached, over claims of causing offense or distress.
Under the proposed terms, Christians will be banned from praying for individuals, handing out religious leaflets or Bibles by hand, and laying hands on people in prayer.
' GBN Tonight with me, Martin Daubney.
Now, the Labour-run Rushmoor Borough Council...
So, do you see that?
That's called persecution.
And I told you it was going to ramp up.
I saw persecution coming to the body of Christ like you wouldn't believe.
And I saw antisemitism.
I saw it all rising up.
And this was all part of the beast system trying to come into play.
Satan, like I told you, knows his time is up.
Remember the vision that I had?
The Holy Spirit said this.
He said, 'Remember the vision.
' I saw that he was communicating to the Pope.
And all of a sudden, Satan knew Adam's lease was coming up, Adam's lease.
And he started slithering like a snake all throughout Europe, and he spoke to the Pope, and he was creating...
he was getting ready to amp up war.
And this is when I saw Apollyon coming up.
I saw so many things about war that's about to escalate in Europe, and there would be false flag events.
I saw the swastikas coming up out of the ground, and I told you all I saw satanic rituals taking place summoning the Hitler spirit that they were trying to conjure up by witchcraft to bring forth the Mahdi.
I know I probably butcher names, but they have to create jihad.
This is what the Lord was telling me about because he said, 'I want you to study how many people have come across the border illegally and pray into the secret cells of terrorist organizations in your nation, for there are more than what you realize.
' And so I started doing research with my wife and we found that they believe and estimate over Joe Biden's term of the four years we had over seven million people cross the border, up to nine million, and they don't know who came across.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'Pray into these ten major cities that I have shown you about, and about the uprising of antisemitism with Antifa and these other organizations to try to cause civil unrest in your country as a great distraction to wound the eagle so that they can have their way with Israel, because the eagle is standing in the way of protection as a big brother to Israel.
And it's all centered—all the end times is centered—around the fig tree, just like Jesus said to watch the fig tree.
And this is what I'm trying to tell you all: we are in the end of the end here.
And as I saw a storm on all fronts in the days ahead, whenever we see Ezekiel 38 and 39, we're about to see a major uprising before we get the peace agreement to be able to build the third temple.
Okay, that's what's coming into play here.
And this is when I saw Turkey coming against Israel in the days ahead with Syria, because Syria will be struck and Damascus will become a ruinous heap.
I know they're talking peace and safety right now, saying, 'Well, we're going to de-escalate Gaza, and we're going to do all these things, we're going to get the hostages back, and we're signing these things.
' But I'm telling you, from what I have seen in the spirit, it will be short-lived.
It will be short-lived.
A great escalation.
This will be the hook in the jaw.
It's coming with Russia and Iran and these others.
And I saw, when I told you I saw Syria and Damascus and the biological weapons that will come against Israel in the days ahead, I saw Turkey coming to the defense of Syria.
And they will be blood brothers because they didn't care so much that Iran was messed with.
But when Syria is messed with in the days ahead, they will all come to the defense.
Iran was an unwanted stepchild; they didn't really care so much.
There wasn't so much of an uprising concerning what happened back in the 11-day war, but I'm telling you what I saw coming for Syria.
When this happens, you're going to see the Arabs rise up and they're going to be very upset.
I saw troop ground invasions with the red hats coming against, and I saw an uprising.
That's why I told you World War III.
I saw Turkey beating their drums, I saw all these things coming.
And these were visions I had over three years ago.
And this is where I saw a major draft trying to come forth in our nation.
But as we are distracted with what's going on inward, Ezekiel 38 and 39 take place.
Do you understand?
Most people go, 'Well, I don't understand.
Why are we not in there helping them?
' Well, the hand of God defends Israel; that is what the Bible says.
So, where is the big brother?
Big brother is putting out fires in his own nation.
And I saw an uprising of all kinds of craziness happening here, and eventually, I saw the dollar crash.
I saw so much, y'all.
And I saw the barrels rolling out over Canada, and I saw a great depression coming for Canada.
And I want you to see these barrels in this article.
I'll post it for a second here, but it's exactly what I've tried to warn you all about what's coming for Canada: a great economic depression.
There are major things coming for Canada.
And this is when I saw shaking coming to British Columbia.
I saw a major earthquake taking place.
But here are these whiskey barrels that I saw rolling down.
And Canada, you can just read it for yourselves.
Do you have it?
Yeah, right there.
Look at that, those are the whiskey barrels.
It's even what I'm seeing in the spirit, but this is the type and shadow.
This is what I'm trying to tell you all.
I hear in part and see in part, but the Lord is warning us of things clear back.
I told you I saw Cuba rising up, and they will form a friendship, and it will be a repeat of the old Cuban missile crisis.
And I said Cuba will help Russia in the days ahead.
How many times have I warned you all about that, and now they're doing it?
I said, 'Little Kim will come to the aid of Russia, and then Venezuela.
' I said, 'Watch, Venezuela will jump in the ring here pretty soon.
Watch Venezuela start sending people to help Russia in the days ahead.
I've warned you what the Spirit of the Lord told me to tell you.
' He said Russia, Venezuela, Iran, and Kim will all be part of an alliance with Russia concerning Ukraine.
And then what will happen?
I told you, I said Russia will use a weapon that we've never seen before on Poland.
And it will be a weapon of mass destruction that will not be nuclear, but it will be a weapon that we've never seen before.
It will have a mushroom cloud to it; it will vaporize the people, but the buildings will stay, and there will be no radiation so they can take it.
And then I saw a proxy government coming into Ukraine, and a new prime minister will be...
the other one, you know what I'm saying, he was a puppet.
And the puppet is removed, and a new proxy government comes into Ukraine eventually.
I saw it; that is what their plan was.
And they had a pro-Ukraine, pro-Russian government, and he was an elderly man with gray hair.
I have all these images the Lord gives me when I pray.
And I saw an invasion coming.
I saw them taking Kiev.
I saw Russia taking it, and they said, 'We do not want to stop with Ukraine.
We want Poland, and we want the old Soviet Union back.
' Old KGB thinking.
That is what the Lord said.
It is amazing because I remember all these.
That is how, when the Spirit of the Lord shows it to me, it is ingrained in me.
It becomes like it is a part of me; I don't ever forget it.
So, we'll just bypass all that.
You've already heard it so much you probably are tired of hearing it, so we'll talk about the lizard people.
So, last prayer call, I'm praying and the Lord shows me what looked like a reptilian in the royals.
It was golden, and it had scaled skin with golden eyes.
And the Lord said, 'I want you to pay attention to the bloodlines, for these are ancient things that have been here.
' And then He said, 'Focus as on the days of Noah.
' For this verse, that little verse, 'As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns,' He said, is layered like an onion.
There is much more to this verse than just reading it.
It's deep.
And the Lord warned us about giants upon the land.
Remember why it was all flooded?
Because they were trying to destroy the bloodline of pure humans, creating giants, and angels sleeping with the women, and it was crazy, right?
So the Lord said, 'Watch the royals: England, Saudi Arabia, the Mayans down in South America, the Mexico area.
' He said, 'Watch it.
' He said, 'Your ancestors...
' Excuse me, I hope that wasn't loud.
'Your ancestors were warning you of something.
They were warning you of something.
All writing on the wall.
' And He said, 'Look at the Native Americans in North America.
' And then I heard the word 'ant people.
' I had no idea why I was hearing these things.
He said, 'Ant people living underground.
This stuff still exists.
' And I said, 'Lord,' that's what I said, 'Lord, this sounds like sci-fi.
' I'm hearing this by the Spirit of God, y'all.
And then people are telling me in email, 'Brandon, look at L.
A.
Marzulli or whoever, and look at this, and look at this.
' And I said, 'I don't know about these people.
I don't know about them.
I don't follow their ministries or what they do.
I'm just telling you, I'm very cautious about what I let in.
I don't know who they are, so I have to be very watchful.
Not saying they're bad, not saying I don't know.
So, I'm just telling you, they say, 'Watch this guy,' and then, 'Steve Quayle, they'll confirm what you're saying.
' But I'm telling you by what I saw by the Spirit of God.
And the Lord said to me that there are crossbreeds.
He said, 'You don't know what you're looking at.
They're amongst you, they're among you.
' And He said, 'Look to China.
' And this is heavy.
So, I've taken two days and prayed over that.
I didn't make a video last night because I told Braden, I said, He said, 'I will show you more, but as the days of Noah, Brandon, they're among you, and you don't even see it.
' They're what?
What was the exact word, son?
'They're among you.
You don't even detect them.
' Like, and that's way out there.
But as I was trying to show you the picture of what this lizard-looking man looked like, Brandon made it for you.
I tried to show you what the lizard looked like, the one in England, but each lineage looked different than the other—fallen angel stuff, fallen angel stuff.
So, the one in Saudi Arabia looked different than the one in England.
The one in the South America area, in Mexico, that area down there, looked more like a bird—looked like a bird-lizard thing, like a bird.
Weird stuff, like the hieroglyphics on their walls in Egypt, like I try to tell you, like the centaur, half-horse, half-man.
Weird stuff.
This is a fallen angel demonic mixture of humans with angel stuff from what I'm getting in prayer.
But I thought it was interesting.
The Lord said, 'Look to the caves.
Look to the caves, Brandon.
' And I kept praying, and He said, 'I'm warning you of a great deception that's coming.
For many people will see and be deceived at what's coming in the days ahead.
False alien invasions are coming.
Remember, if we can entertain angels unaware, you can entertain demons unaware.
' That's what the Lord said.
Fallen angel stuff.
And so it was really over the top.
And so, you know, I don't focus on darkness that much, but that was dark what I saw.
He said every one of these cultures that I'm telling you all had human sacrifice of some kind.
It was presented to those fallen angel deities; they presented themselves as gods.
And they made human sacrifice to those deity things, these demonic beings that were half human, half fallen demon.
And so I'm trying to tell you all from just what little bit I got.
And I know it probably weirded some people out because it weirded me out, I'm just being real with y'all.
I told Braden when I'm seeing stuff like that in the spirit, I'll give it to you the way I'm seeing it.
Oh, and He even talked about the city of Atlantis, that it was an actual city.
And I said, 'Lord,' and it was around by Africa—over-the-top stuff, y'all.
And I was seeing, I was like, look at this.
But there's actual ruins that people could go in the water and you'd see it.
But over time, stuff gets buried.
But there's actual stuff there.
And the Lord was showing me it's in the water, it's in the ocean.
There's dark things, things that people don't realize, that his stuff is still there in the water.
So, these pictures that my son puts out, this is the stuff they're trying to tell, they're trying to communicate.
And I'm telling y'all, it seems way out there, but that's why I said I try to tiptoe around it and I just go, 'Okay.
' But the Lord showed, he said, 'Pray to tell you all that a great deception is coming.
' A great deception is coming.
This will usher in the beginning.
Even more so, I'm telling you, it will all circle around the Antichrist and the fallen stuff, as in the days of Noah.
And I know that's way out there.
So, let's pray tonight.
You know, I don't know how long did that take.
Did I take too long?
Thirty minutes.
I did good, 30 minutes.
I tried.
I told Braden, I said, 'Don't let me sit there and ramble over an hour tonight.
I want to keep it about 30 minutes.
' We did it.
I didn't want to sit there and just talk to y'all until you're going, 'Man, this guy's boring.
' But, you know, I tried to tell you what the Lord is saying and keep your attention, because my click-through rate, they click out, and I want them to stick around and hear what God is saying.
I want to make it where it's not boring.
I ramble too much.
So, here we go.
Let's take communion and pray.
'Disguised in plain view.
You don't realize who's among you.
' Yes, do they remember what I said?
They did.
'Disguised in plain view.
' Oh, you found it.
Yeah.
'Disguised in plain view, you don't realize who's among you.
' That was what the spirit of the Lord said.
'Disguised in plain view, you do not realize who is among you.
' I had to process that.
But it was after I was praying over Mark and then he showed me the lizard and it was behind them, and I thought, what are you saying is disguised?
I don't believe the Lord was saying that Mark was a lizard, but I was just thinking.
I know that Canada—as I saw the scorpion tail coming out of King Charles, and he was poised to strike Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, all his area, Ireland, places of his influence, France, and he was turning his body like a scorpion.
He was moving around and he was looking at the area, and I thought, 'I didn't realize the royals had that much authority.
' I don't know, I'm not familiar with the culture.
I'm just a southern boy, so I just go, 'Okay.
' But as I was seeing the royals rise up, and for the Mahdi is coming concerning Saudi Arabia and all this, and I saw that's when the sand king, the things that will take place coming up out of Saudi Arabia, and you will see the Mahdi coming from there.
That's what I've seen.
I still believe he's MBS.
That's my personal opinion.
Everybody says it was Obama, it's the prince, it's the king, it's this.
I say, this is my opinion, it is Mohammed bin Salman.
That's who I believe the Antichrist is.
And you will see Emmanuel Macron rise up as an Ishmael before the Isaac.
The Ishmael will come forth before the Isaac, and the Ishmael is Emmanuel Macron.
The Isaac, the true Antichrist, is being groomed behind a curtain, and it was red with gold, and there were demons making his face and getting him ready.
He wasn't ready for the scene yet because the great restrainer is still restraining him.
So, Emmanuel Macron is the one I believe is the Ishmael that will pave the way, and in the days ahead, he will rise up more like a tyrant.
And people will say Emmanuel Macron is the Antichrist.
This is what I saw when I was praying.
And most people will say Emmanuel Macron is the Antichrist.
Oh, for sure, especially with his patterns and what he's going to do in the days ahead.
But they'll be surprised because he is the Mahdi.
He will come on.
And that's why whenever you don't accept the mark, they go and they take you right off and it rolls down the road.
But most people don't see it yet.
'He that has ears to hear, let him hear what the Spirit is saying.
' And if you say, 'Well, Brandon, you're off,' then I'm off.
I'll be the first one to tell you, 'You know what?
I apologize.
I missed it.
It was Emmanuel Macron.
It was this, it was that.
' Some people say it's Trump.
I don't believe Trump.
Trump is not the Antichrist, folks.
I don't believe that at all.
I believe that God sent him for such a time as this to help America, to give us one last call, a reprieve—a three-and-a-half-year reprieve before a major, major shaking.
If we would have had Kamala, things would have escalated even faster.
But I'm telling you, God said, 'I'm going to give you a reprieve, a window for a harvest of souls for three and a half years.
' Now, it's what he keeps talking about.
'No, it's less than that.
Three years.
Three years and three months.
What will you do with the window that I have given you?
' He said, 'Will you squander it away?
Will you squander it away?
' Preachers, it's time to preach repentance, holiness back in the pulpits, and tell the people that Jesus Christ is coming, and he's coming sooner than you think.
But he said, 'Brandon, this is one last call.
Watch the Shemitah cycle.
' The next one from whenever Israel became a nation in 1948—seven years, seven years, seven years—the Shemitah cycle that ends at the end of Trump's term, starting a new one.
That's the time frame I'm praying about for the rapture of the church.
That's what I'm praying for.
Some people I've heard say they believe we'll go up to 2032, but in my heart, I'm praying for a three-and-a-half-year window for a major revival, for a major harvest of souls around that time frame.
And so, nobody knows the day or the hour.
I'm not saying I know the day or the hour, but he said, 'Watch the fig tree and watch the signs.
' So we look at the year and we look at the month.
We may not know the day or the hour, but we may have—you can feel it inside, you can sense it.
And I believe if we see a major harvest, we've seen it with Charlie Kirk, we've seen all this stuff.
But I believe a major event, a shaking to awaken, is coming to this nation.
He said, 'You thought COVID was a shaking to awaken.
You thought 9/11 was a shaking to awaken.
There's nothing like what I've seen coming.
' There'll be a shaking in politics, there'll be a shaking in the finances with what will try to be another Great Depression, a shaking in the earth with earthquakes, a shaking in the heavens with asteroids and things like that, comets, and a shaking in the church.
Five major shakings.
Did I say them all right?
Okay, because sometimes I might skip one and say it twice.
But he said out of those five major shakings, they'll all happen.
And as labor pains upon a woman, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
It will come.
Watch it.
Labor pains.
And he said, 'Watch, because the 23rd, when they go to the UN, this will be the point of no return.
This will be the point of no return.
There's no more epidural, Brandon.
' That's what he's saying.
As a certain point in time with a woman's labor you can get an epidural, he said, 'Brandon, it's the pushing time now.
' Things will accelerate so quickly in the days ahead that the reaper and the sower will go hand in hand.
He said, 'Men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming upon the earth, for the powers of heaven will be shaken.
' Ladies and gentlemen, I'm telling you, we're about to see things that you never dreamed you would see.
Many people thought we'd be out of here by now, but I'm telling you that we're at the beginning of sorrows.
We're at the sorrows, it's go time.
A major harvest is coming.
I'm telling you, God is going after—leaving the 99 and going after the one.
And that's why He said, "Brandon, I raise you up right now to pray for things can be changed and you can protect people with the power of prayer.
" Sobering days are coming.
He said, "And they must know Psalms 91 and Psalms 23 or they will not make it.
" I said, "A major plague is coming again that will make COVID look like a walk in the park.
" So, I warned you of everything.
I kind of went over it again tonight for people who are new.
I have so many new faces.
I think we grew by 10,000 people in the last couple weeks.
Amazing what the Lord has done here: 10,000 new subs, prayer warriors.
So, we're so thankful for all you 10,000 new people.
So I go over it because there's so many new faces all the time and it needs to be said over and over and over again, just like Jeremiah did.
It seems so redundant when you read the book of Jeremiah, you go, "How many times he warned these people the same thing?
" Well, the God of mercy is the same yesterday, today and forever.
And He warns His people over and over and over again to tell you that He's coming, just like John the Baptist warned them the first time.
Guess what?
He's going to have people say stuff again.
I can't even tie John the Baptist's shoelaces for who he was, but I try to be a sidekick and tell you all, "Jesus is coming," over in that peanut gallery.
And compared to those men of God back then, I'll be the peanut gallery.
Jesus is coming.
You got to get ready.
So, let's take communion and pray together and see if the Lord wants to show us anything.
If not, I won't keep you long, but I want to pray in the spirit and we'll see if the Lord has anything for us tonight.
But we pray for our land.
We pray for our president.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for these things because it's important that we do for antisemitism.
I'm telling you, protests and rallies like we've never seen before, as we saw it in Australia this last week as they were protesting around the opera house.
But guess what?
I saw there was burning and fires and everything else in those protests and not one thing happened.
Isn't that amazing?
It happened—just everything happened but the fires.
They all rise up and all the things, and I saw bomb blasts and things trying to happen, but nothing, it was peaceful for what I saw.
Maybe I'm wrong.
You in Australia, if you're watching, you say, "Brandon, you're wrong.
" I don't know if there were peaceful protests or not, but He said, "Watch Australia," and there will be—back in March—and He said, "There'll be a major drought and the land will crack and the kangaroos will have no water.
" And He said, "It will be a very, very, very hot summer for Australia, and it's a foreshadowing—the drought represents a spiritual drought that will come in to reign.
" Speak to the weather as drought tries to even set in over Oklahoma and Texas in these areas.
The Lord said, "You have power and authority.
" Because He said, "Weather manipulation will come in the days ahead.
" And they will weaponize weather in a way that you've never seen before with superstorms, microbursts, with winds, excesses of wind gusts beyond anything that you ever—it will be...
I saw major, major tornadoes, and one of the largest tornadoes hit Nebraska, and I didn't even realize it.
And somebody said to me, said, "Brandon, you remember you prophesied this up there and you saw a major tornado hit that area.
" It was an F5 hit Nebraska up there.
And I said, "I remember I gave the word.
I forget about it because I keep praying.
I keep going.
" And the Lord said, "Look at that.
" There was a category five—I mean, not hurricane, tornado.
And that's a major tornado.
So, I thought it was interesting, you know, just like He warned us about it.
So, okay, here we go.
Let's pray.
Brandon's said enough.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
I thank You, Lord, that we have power and authority over the devil and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
I thank You, Father, that we can take this body, and You said in Your word that You were wounded for our transgressions, You were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon You, and with Your stripes we're healed.
And we're believing believers that are healed by the stripes of Jesus tonight.
We call ourselves well.
We call ourselves delivered.
We call ourselves free by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
He came to set the captives free.
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory over sin, sickness, disease, poverty, and lack.
He came and He died for you and me.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small; Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
And I believe there's power in communion.
This is not a religious act, but it's a relationship.
This is about relationship.
Jesus paid the price for you to be able to sit in the heavenlies, far above all principalities.
And we can go right into His throne room, not as servants, but as children, and say, "Jesus, I'm here.
I need You.
I need a fresh drink today.
I'm thirsty.
Can I sit at Your feet today?
I need a fresh touch from Jesus today.
My cup is empty.
I need a drink.
And You are the living water.
" And the Bible says that the name of the Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
I believe that today, Father, that You are that same Jesus—that You said in Your word that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And if You healed the sick 2,000 years ago, Lord, You heal the sick today.
If we could have the faith of a mustard seed, You said we could move a mountain.
And I believe that tonight there are many people that will be healed of their sickness and what they're going through.
That tonight, they have an expiration date to what they're going through.
You may be going through hell.
You may be walking through the valley of the shadow of death right now, but I believe His rod and His staff, they comfort.
They're protecting you.
They're watching over.
He's watching over you.
And I believe that the angelic armies, the host of heaven, are here to protect us.
And they bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
I believe with all my heart that this is not some religious act, that this is relationship.
And I believe that tonight as we take it, we're healed by Your stripes.
And I believe, Father, for them.
And I believe, Father, that they're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And as we take this, believe that you're healed.
As you take this, don't just take a cracker and put it in your mouth.
This represents something more.
This is relationship.
It's like Perry and them say, "This is the meal that heals.
" Either you believe it or you don't.
I'm a believing believer that believes in the power of the blood of Jesus.
I'm a believing believer that believes in the power of the healing atonement, the cleansing flood that washed us white as snow.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus.
Thank You, Lord, for the blood.
And we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we believe, Father, that it's never lost its power.
For it reaches to the highest mountain, and it flows to the lowest valley.
The blood, the blood of Jesus has never lost its power.
One drop of blood can save you.
One drop can save all humanity.
Do you understand?
There's power, power, wonder-working power in the blood of the Lamb.
There is power, power, oh, wonder-working power in the precious blood of the Lamb.
Would you be free from your burden of sin?
There's power in the blood, power in the blood.
Do you believe that tonight?
There's power in the blood.
There's wonder-working power in the blood.
Father, I take the blood and I thank you, Lord, that you forgive me of my sins.
Everything I've done wrong today, everything I may have messed up on, I thank you that it's under the blood.
And it's by your grace I'm saved through faith.
And I thank you, Lord, that I'm washed and that there's a cleansing flow with the blood of Jesus.
And I plead the blood over the atmosphere of this house tonight.
And I cover it in the name of Jesus, that no witchcraft, no incantations, no chants, no voodoo, nor any kind of evil come near us.
And I put angels all around this house and around me, my wife, my children, and over our finances.
And you said in your word, Father, that you sent your angels to keep charge over me.
You watch over us, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for the mighty, precious blood of Jesus.
And I plead the blood over my eyes, Father, that I will not see anything from the devil, but I only see from you.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, uninterrupted, unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and you think through my mind.
None of me and all of you, in Jesus' name.
I plead the blood.
Take the blood right now with me.
We take the communion.
Thank you, Father.
What can wash away my sins?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
I feel the anointing so strong, just moving in.
Oh, thank you, Father, for the glory.
I can't start crying because I'm coughing.
Hallelujah.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
It makes me white as snow.
It washes me white as snow.
Fill our cup, Lord, we lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, I lift it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord, I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of our soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, I lift it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, I lift it up and you make me whole.
Thank you, Father.
We do a dance; He leads and we follow.
There's no rushing.
You wait until you feel the atmosphere change for prayer.
I don't just barge in there and be rude, saying, 'I'm coming here to pray, Lord, listen to me.
' I say, 'Father, I'm here.
I worship you.
' And He inhabits the praises of His people.
And as you do this and you worship Him, then you enter into His throne boldly.
You take communion and you worship.
You are so good.
You are beautiful beyond description, too marvelous for words, too wonderful for comprehension, like nothing ever seen or heard.
Who can grasp your infinite wisdom?
Who can fathom the depth of your love?
I stand in awe of you, Lord.
I stand in awe of you.
Holy God, to whom all praise is due, I stand in awe of you.
It feels pretty good.
You can move now in there.
He said, 'One more song.
' Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, there's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name, Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, there's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, let all heaven and earth proclaim.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name, Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, there's just something about your name.
It's funny, I can feel the shift.
Yeah, that's what He's saying.
He's talking about Rome.
You lead, I follow.
I would try it.
I do what He says.
Every single time I listen, I hear what He's saying.
He's talking about Rome, and He says a great shaking is coming to Rome.
He's bringing it up again to warn the people.
A great, great shaking.
A great, great shaking is coming.
I never do this, but I'm doing it in obedience to what He asked me to do.
I'm covering my head, and I'm going to pray like this for a minute.
I'm not Jewish, but I pray over—this is my prayer shawl and I pray with it every single time.
So I'm just obeying what I'm hearing and seeing.
As I saw in the vision, this is on my head, and as I was looking into the Vatican, I could see into the Vatican, and a great shaking is coming to the Vatican.
A great, great shaking is coming to the Vatican.
I see a great, great move of God again all around California.
I see another move like an Azusa Street revival.
But it will not just be one place.
It will be multiple places that will look like Azusa Street all around the world.
Oh, I see.
And unlikely places, unlikely places.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say: unlikely places.
There will be demonstrations and manifestations.
Everybody thinks, 'Well, it's going to have to be in this way.
It's going to have to be in this way.
This is going to be the way it's going to be.
Oh well, it's in this church because it has all the bells, it has all of the lights, it has all the stuff,' but it will be in the most unlikely places, like barns.
Oh, I see it so clear: places of humility, just like it was in the stables before.
Just like His Son came and was born in a manger, He's showing up again in places that are most unlikely.
You have your grand idea of where you'll see a great revival, but it will be like Holy Ghost Woodstock.
It will be brush arbor churches.
He's going to visit even in pastures, pastures like country with cow patties in the road.
The glory in theaters and schools.
And He will use the most unlikely people—no names, no names.
blue-collar, white-collar, it doesn't matter.
I see the glory of the Lord on the land.
I see the glory on the land.
I see the glory of the Lord on the land again.
It will look so dark all around you.
It will look so dark all around you as the church rises up.
It will look the darkest it has ever looked.
In some places, it will look even more dark than others.
You'll think, like I said, that the tribulation would have already begun in these areas.
That's what it's going to look like.
But the glorious outpouring, the glorious church, will come out of it.
I see great pressure.
I see a great pressure, and a holy hush will fall upon the people.
The weight of the glory will be on the services, and you will be able to hear a pin drop because of the stillness in the room, because the glory of the Lord will rest upon them.
I see F-16s going off of an aircraft carrier right now.
I see F-16s going off of an aircraft carrier, and these are American fighters.
They're going off.
And this looks like the Atlantic Ocean.
I know the direction of it because I can feel it.
I see F-16s...
those fighter jets.
Someone might say, 'Well, they don't use F-16s on carriers.
' This is what it looks like.
I see the afterglow that comes from the engine, and that's why it's focused right there in this vision, and it's blowing out of the engine, getting ready to take off.
You know what it's like?
They're revving the engine, ready to take off.
That's what it looks like.
But they're going to battle.
What more to that, Lord?
What more to that?
And I'm going to just tell you all this.
He said, 'Lose yourself in the prayer and forget about the people.
' That's what He said to me.
'Do it like you do at home.
' I see it.
So, that's what we're going to do.
Lose yourself in the prayer.
Forget about whoever is around you.
You're going to be praying on another level right now.
And that's what the Lord said.
I need you to make great intercession right now.
Great prayer.
I see it.
I do.
Okay, I'll tell you what I'm seeing, okay?
But I won't take a lot of time for this.
I see snow upon the ground.
And I see a war.
I see war and I see the troops.
I see the Nazi symbol again.
And I don't know why, but I keep going to Warsaw.
I keep going there.
And I keep going back in time, and I keep going into the time of World War II.
And I'm praying over Poland.
You understand?
It's all—I see it all.
What's the one?
It starts with Belarus.
It's there.
It's highlighted right here.
I see it and it goes up, but they're in it: Poland, Germany, and there's one down here.
There's one down here—Transylvania.
I see it down here.
And the people are walking on the ground.
They're just—but they're in modern uniforms.
They went from back old all the way forward and they're in modern uniforms.
But this white camo fatigue—white camo.
They have white camo on, with the hats with the ears, the things on there, you know, like the Elmer Fudd things.
You know what I'm talking about?
Those hats and the men.
Pray on this.
Oh my.
The primary focus is Poland.
But I see the— Okay, it's happening in Israel at the same time.
I see like explosions going off in Israel again.
And I see Turkey's involved.
I see this is all like a holy war over here and a European war over here, all at the same time.
And now I see little Kim behind it.
It will expand.
I see it expanding.
It won't just be in Ukraine.
It's trying to expand.
It tries to expand where I told you.
Do you see it?
Romania.
You hear me?
Why would I see Romania?
But it's out, it's highlighted.
But the main focus is Poland.
And I see cold, I see snow upon the ground.
Canada involved, England, France, Germany, even Italy.
But it's not the—it's the front half.
It's the one that's not closest to the water, but it's this half.
Italy.
Now, this is interesting, and I'll say it like this.
I see a garment that looks like linen that's on a man.
And on this linen, I see what looks like the snake, like red and yellow, killer fellow.
Like it goes red, white, black, white, and red.
Yep.
Red, red, all red.
White, black, white, black, white, red on the garment.
It's like a scarf on this man.
It's pointed out.
The Lord is highlighting this garment.
Red, white, black, white, black, white, red.
I don't know what that is.
It almost looks like a Jewish cloth, like the one Moses wore in the Ten Commandments with Charlton Heston.
It looks similar to that.
I see so many people so hungry.
I see Moscow.
I see long-range missiles.
I'm talking a barrage going into Moscow.
Do you hear me?
I see long-range missiles and they have a red tip on the top of the missile, and they're going into—and I see them coming out of this area going into Moscow.
It's that missile right there.
That's the one I'm looking at right there.
What is that?
Tomahawk missile.
That's what I see right there.
That's what Trump just gave.
Okay.
They're going to use that.
They're going to use that and they're going to shoot it into Moscow.
Do you hear what I'm telling you?
I see it.
I see it so clear, son.
I see it so clear.
They're going to shoot it out of Ukraine.
I see it coming out and it has a red tip on it and it shoots and goes into Moscow.
They're going to use it.
And a barrage, like a bunch.
It looks like fireworks all shooting off at once.
They're going to use it and they're going to shoot it into Moscow.
And this will be a provoking for a great escalation that will come from this.
A great escalation, I hear the spirit of the Lord say, will come from this.
And there will be a war upon all fronts.
And I see people running.
I see the people running and they're in cold outfits.
I see red tips.
I see the bombs and they're coming off.
They're coming out of submarines.
I see submarines.
Yep.
It's coming out of the ocean down there.
They're going to shoot them off and they're going to bomb.
These are very bad.
This is Russia.
I see Russia coming off of subs.
I see them striking Poland.
And I see China lurking in the background.
And China will try to take Taiwan.
They're highlighted again, son.
They're highlighted again.
I see a golden light around them.
And I see financial disruption in China.
I see financial trouble coming to China.
Great financial disruption.
And I see Xi Jinpin—you know who I'm talking about, the man over China.
He's in trouble.
He's under great pressure.
I see great pressure on this man from all these fingers.
Okay.
So, in this vision, I see this man, this Xi Jinpin guy.
And I see a lot of fingers pointing at him like this.
There's a hand here, there's a hand here, there's a hand here, and they go all the way around him.
And they're pointing and they're wagging their finger at him.
And he's standing there in the middle.
And I see the old—this is interesting—I see the old Russian Soviet Union flag with the iron anchor thing.
It's behind him.
Yep.
That's what I see right there, son.
It's behind him.
I don't know why, but I see that behind him.
And I see fingers pointing at him.
They're all pointing at him.
These people, they look like a man's hand.
None of these are women's hands.
These are all men's hands wagging their finger at him.
Lord said, 'Don't focus on it more.
I'm going to take you somewhere else.
' Pressure to produce.
Pressure to produce.
Yeah.
Okay, so now I see money.
I see Taipei.
I see buildings that have lights on in these areas, like buildings.
And I hear the words 'pressure to produce' and he's looking at Taiwan.
He's turned his face toward Taiwan and he's looking at it, but it's a panda.
And he's looking and he's gazing at Taiwan, and he's looking towards South Korea through North Korea with extensions.
I see extensions trying to infiltrate South Korea, but they're strong yet.
They put up a fight.
No, no, no, no.
I see Kim being promised so much like a brotherhood.
I see Kim trying to come to the forefront over here.
Russia is summoning him: 'Help us and we'll help you.
' I hear, 'Help us and we will help you.
Help us and we will help you.
' They've said it three times.
I hear it three times.
'Help us and we will help you.
' Out of desperation.
A social pariah, he is.
They don't want to deal with him.
But he's the guy over here.
He has an odor.
I see, you know, like he has flies coming off of him with an odor like a soiled diaper in the cartoons.
There's an odor on this man and they see that he stinks, but they want to use him because he's just there.
Okay, he's standing there.
He's very heavy.
He's very overweight, but he's even fatter than what he is now.
He looks very morbidly obese.
Rolls upon rolls, fat rolls.
But they're looking in his direction because he's a pawn and he has stink coming off of him.
And Putin has sweat beads coming off of his head.
He's under great pressure, great pressure.
His resources are thin.
I hear this twice now.
He's running out of money.
He's running out of resources, military.
I wish you could see this.
He's turning his face and he's looking towards Kim, and he's looking towards China.
But China is under pressure too with all the fingers pointing at him like this, and he's being pressured to perform and he has pressure on him.
So he has his back.
Russia is up here like this, and China has his back towards Russia, like, 'I have my own stuff to deal with.
' And then Kim is over here.
And this is going to sound really nasty, but he is in a diaper, like a sumo wrestler diaper.
Now the Lord said, 'I'm taking you back to Europe.
' He said he's painting a picture for you today right here.
Now he said to go over here, and I see Macron.
I see trouble in Macron.
France is in trouble.
France, there's chaos.
I see chaos, false flag event, black swan event.
I see a black swan.
I see a black swan with an orange beak.
Yep, a black swan with an orange beak.
Okay.
Now the Lord said, 'Pray into this.
' He said, 'I'm not going to show you.
' He said, 'Pause there.
' And now he said, 'Pray into it.
' Now pray into it, okay?
So I'm going to pray in tongues for a minute about this.
I see the Olympic rings.
That's very interesting.
I see the Vatican again.
I see the Vatican.
Trouble within, trouble within, trouble within.
And the Lord said it's going to keep escalating and escalating and escalating and escalating before this is what brings the antichrist on.
Do you understand?
It's world turmoil and the church is removed.
A great revival, great revival.
That's why I said it looks very dark as the revival takes place.
I keep looking and I see—I'm talking it looks like World War II.
How the tent revivals you see, all these things are going to start happening.
I'm talking about escalation of everything all around us—escalation, war, famine, everything that he said in Matthew 24: wars and rumors of wars, plagues, pestilences, and earthquakes in divers places.
We're going to see this stuff.
Escalation, escalation, and then the church rises, and then boop, and then I'm telling you folks, it's going to be like we've never seen before.
And it all starts from Rosh Hashanah.
Thank you.
Rosh Hashanah the 23rd.
Escalation, escalation, a digital frontier, a new digital age, a new digital platform bringing forth all this crypto and all this stuff, bringing forth the beast system.
It's all underlying a cashless society, a digital ID.
It's all this coming.
Jesus Christ is coming.
It's going to escalate like you've never seen it before.
I see Tomahawk missiles going into, as my son showed you, going into Moscow.
And it's not just one; it's a bombardment of them around the Kremlin.
I could see the Kremlin, I could see fire, I could see a bombardment.
And I'm talking about a great escalation, and that's what I saw.
I saw Poland, I could see all these areas, and I'm talking troops on the ground, and Kim was in the background.
This was very full tonight for what I see, and it gets out of control.
So can we stop it?
You say, 'Can we stop this?
' I believe we will see wars and rumors of wars.
This in my spirit as I'm praying into this, it was pretty big.
Not pretty big, it's huge.
I'm just not trying to be fearful.
And as the same going on, it was Russia and then he was looking at Taiwan.
It was really amazing, Braden, because all these leaders are just looking around and it's like wanting to go grab position.
But you know what was interesting about the whole thing?
I didn't see Trump one time.
Where is Trump in all this?
That was a very interesting part of it.
I always look at the leaders and who I'm seeing, but Trump was silent.
He was not around.
Where was he at in this vision tonight?
That's very odd.
Usually, he's one of the first ones I see, like really bold.
Think about it.
Wasn't that interesting?
But I saw our aircraft carriers in the ocean with our jets.
That was the first thing I saw, wasn't it?
With the jets taking off.
They looked like fighter jets.
They were like F-16 looking fighter jets.
My goodness, folks.
That's what they were wearing, son.
That's the kind of hats they were wearing, just like those.
That's what they were wearing in Poland.
The Polish troops were wearing those, with those little hats like that.
The Lord says, 'You're not quite done yet.
' That's what he just said to me.
He said, 'Push just a little further and then you're done tonight.
' He said, 'You're not quite done.
' Okay.
So where's the next river?
Where do you want to go?
Let's do this, I'll help you.
I'm here for you.
Let's do this, Father.
We are a war team.
Do you get that?
Isn't it fun?
Praying is fun.
It's making prayer fun again for a lot of you.
It's fun.
Prayer is fun.
Seeking him is fun.
I enjoy it.
I see movies.
The Lord says it.
But I know that when you're here, we pray together.
We're doing something.
Here.
Okay, okay, okay, I see it.
There's more SIM cards.
That's all I'll say.
And they'll say, 'Pray uncovering in your nation.
' The Lord said I can say there's one city, two cities, three more cities,, strategically placed.
Strategically placed major hubs.
So we just pray for the Lord to reveal where that is to law enforcement, okay?
Because we don't know, but the Holy Spirit does, and he will show law enforcement where they need to go, right?
We don't dip in that; it's not smart for us to.
So we just kind of pray over the areas.
Does that make sense?
We pray over the areas.
That's a way to say that, right?
I'm not saying I know where they are.
That's not what I'm saying.
No.
My leg's falling asleep.
We must pray for New York today.
Do you understand?
You must pray for New York today.
If you live in that city, you must drive around.
I hear the Lord say it's not just that city alone, but it's a highlighted big one.
What is it, Lord?
Yeah.
Can I say that?
Oh, a Red Dawn experience.
I can say that, a Pearl Harbor experience.
Father, so now we pray in English for President Trump.
We pray a hedge of protection around about him, around his wife, around his children, around his grandchildren, around the vice president.
We pray a hedge of protection around our Supreme Court justices, just like you protected them today.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there are angels all around our Senate and our House leaders.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our law enforcement, for our homeland security, for our FBI, for our CIA, for anyone that is there to uphold the Constitution of the United States of America.
We thank you, Lord, that they are protected, Father, that you would give them wisdom and insight so every plot, every plan, every evildoer will be caught and brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
To the smallest of towns, to the largest of the cities, we thank you, Lord, that you put a hedge of your protection around and about this nation, around President Trump's children, his grandchildren.
We pray a thousand should fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but it shall not come nigh them.
We thank you, Lord, that your angels are camped around and about them in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you for President Trump's health.
We pray over every artery, over his heart, over his blood flow, over his mind, that he would have Solomon-type thinking to have wisdom to lead these people in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural wisdom: no Alzheimer's, no dementia, no attack of foggy thinking.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that he would live long and finish strong, and his heart is strong, his liver, his kidneys, everything about him.
No cancers, no diabetes, nothing comes to him.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness on him, that he is sustained to get the job done.
Thank you, Lord, for his children: Barron, Eric, Don Jr.
, and the girls, Ivanka and Tiffany.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them, over every single one of those kids.
We thank you, Lord, that there's no calamity that comes nigh them in any shape or form.
We thank you, Lord, that there are angels keeping watch around them, that there would not be any more Charlie incidents.
No more attacks like Charlie.
We pray a hedge of protection around every one of our people in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that whatever is plotted, whatever is being planned, will be brought to light in the name of Jesus, and that the light would come on and our secret people—even our Secret Service—would see it, hear it, and know way before time.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for our nation.
I thank you, Lord, that we're one nation under God, and we will continue to be so, as we pray over our elections occurring in 2026, that this will be a year of a great red wave again, that we will win all across this land again, and that the righteous would go and run for office.
We will replace these RINOs, that we would have people with character and ability to speak like Charlie, that would captivate the people so that they want to vote for righteous people.
Give them wisdom like David and Daniel.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that people would have the gift and the call to say, 'Hey, I'm running for office,' because you put them and you've chosen them for such a time as this.
We thank you, Lord, for our military.
We thank you, Lord, that they would get this budget bill passed and that there would be pay for our military workers and for our...
I mean, there's so many people that are going without right now, who are not high politicians that have all the money.
Father, if they're lacking any good thing, I thank you, Lord, that you provide for them, that you take care of our government officials, whoever is suffering, our military, our people that are protecting us.
Thank you, Father, that the confusion and all this craziness would stop.
Thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for our high school football games, for our college games, for our baseball games.
We pray protection over the NFL, all of them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there are angels watching over the people, and that they have fun.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're watching over us in Jesus' name, that your hand of protection is on our land, like it was today, catching the guy with the 200 devices.
But the hand of God moved mightily and protected us today.
And Father, we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And we don't take it for granted.
Just like you said, 'When I produce a miracle for you once and you look at it and go, "Oh, it's just one thing," we don't dishonor it.
' We give you praise, Father.
Thank you for what you did today, for protecting our Supreme Court justices, for protecting all of...
Father, for the crazy guy in the tent.
God, your hand was on this nation again.
Even if it seemed way out there, nobody got hurt.
The opportunity was there, but God, your mercy endures forever.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to continue to do as we continue to pray over these things that you're showing us are coming.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that things we can prevent, we prevent in prayer tonight.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that what I'm looking forward to the most is the day you say, 'Come up here.
' Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that you're coming for your bride.
You're coming for your bride; the rapture of the church, I believe, is right at the door.
Thank you, Father, for a great harvest of souls again tonight in Jesus' mighty name.
And everybody say, 'Amen and amen.
' Well, did you get something out of this tonight?
Did you?
It's over two hours, I know, but there was a lot there and we did a lot of work.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you that pray with me and pray for our nation.
The last two videos have been really interesting, haven't they?
Lizard people and war.
I go, 'What in the world, Lord?
' So, we pray into this.
This is very serious about Poland.
About...
what was I calling it?
No, not Warsaw.
I'm not talking about...
I'm talking about the other one down here.
It was highlighted.
Romania.
Yep.
It was really highlighted.
Romania.
Is Romania close to Ukraine?
I'm sorry, y'all, I'm not very good at geography.
Right.
That's it.
Okay.
Well, that's why they're involved.
And I saw Poland, I saw Ukraine, and I saw Italy get involved.
And then I saw France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada.
It was all heavily involved in this—Finland, all of the EU, right?
But it was mainly those that stood out the most.
So, I don't know.
I thought, 'Wow, this thing is getting...
God help them.
' Well, God bless you all tonight.
I pray like that.
My voice gets very tired after praying for so long.
I go, 'Oh my goodness, Lord.
' But I feel like we did good tonight.
We prayed well, we pushed hard.
Thank you for pushing with me and praying down the tubing river.
Anybody like going tubing with Brandon?
Will you go tubing in the Holy Ghost rivers?
Glory to God.
It's like Braden said: making prayer fun again, not religious.
It's just relationship.
Isn't that wonderful?
Don't you understand?
People make prayer so religious, but we make prayer fun.
It's relationship.
It's just having fellowship with the Father, and He shows you things which are to come, and He'll talk to you.
It's just a download-upload, download-upload, and that's what we do here at this house.
You pray with us.
Thank you for being with us tonight.
Could you do me a favor?
I'm not asking you for anything other than to do this one thing: subscribe.
Please subscribe to my channel.
We're believing God for a million men and women prayer army.
And for those of you who already have clicked out and left tonight, whatever.
But I just want you to please subscribe if you haven't.
Click the notification bell, click the like button, comment something nice down below when this is over and it uploads again.
It helps with the algorithm.
We're believing to get the lost saved for Jesus.
That's what this channel is about: reaching the lost, leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
Jesus loves you so much.
And he doesn't want any of you all to go to hell.
He wants you to all come to repentance.
If there's any of you here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior and you're here and you like, "Man, this is all wild.
I want to learn how to pray like that.
I'd like to get born again.
" I know I have a lot of psychics that watch me.
I know I have a lot of soothsayers.
They tell me they're into the occult.
They love this channel.
That's interesting to me.
You say, "I watch you, man.
I tell fortunes and you're no different than us.
" Oh, no.
I'm way more different than you.
You're listening to the familiar spirits and devils.
And I'm listening to the Holy Spirit, the spirit of God.
And I want to tell you, the power that dwells on the inside of me destroys the power that's on the inside of you.
Your devil is defeated.
My Jesus is alive and well.
He's seated at the right hand of the father.
But I want to give you the opportunity.
I'm not challenging you.
I'm extending a hand of Jesus loves you and he don't want you to go to hell.
You're here and it's interesting to you and you want to know about all the seeing over.
You tell me all the time, "Boy, I want to learn like that because you're like psychic.
" I'm not psychic.
I don't control the gift.
He does.
I have a treasure in earthen vessel.
The excellency of the power will be known of him and not of me.
I decrease that he increases.
The moment the focus is on me, it's off.
It's always to attract, to deflect.
It's to give God all the praise.
Braden is just a vessel.
But what I'm trying to tell you is you're interested in the spirit realm and he wants you to come home tonight.
He wants you to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
He's knocking at your heart right now.
All you fortune tellers that are watching me right now, all you soothsayers, you say, "I need Jesus.
" Yes, you do.
You need Jesus.
But I believe that even the ones that are just backsliding, you're here tonight and you're backsliding and you once were on fire for the Lord and you once were excited about church, but you've turned away from it.
And tonight, God's extending his hand to you and he's saying, "Come home.
Come home.
" And there may just be one of you, but I would be doing a disservice to the Lord if I didn't give an altar call and give you an opportunity to return from it and come home.
So if I'm talking to you tonight and you feel that itching on the inside of you, the Holy Spirit's drawing you right now and you feel, "Brandon, I'm having a hard time.
I need to come home.
I need Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal savior.
I just want to get born again.
" I've never accepted—I've been in the occult, I've done all this—because I'm telling you, I know there's a lot of you who tell me, "I'm in the occult.
I worship the devil," and that's what you tell me.
"We just come to watch you.
" But Jesus wants you to know him.
He loves you.
He has a fatted calf he's ready to kill for you to celebrate.
He has a robe.
He has it all.
He paid the price for you not to go to hell.
What a shame that you wouldn't accept him.
What a shame that you—you might have the opportunity.
You don't know.
No one knows the day they're going to die.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment, the Bible says.
And you may be here, and the very shoes you put on today to go to work, the Undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
So, I want to ask you, do you know my friend?
Do you know him?
Does he know you?
I'm not talking about knowing about him.
I'm talking about knowing him.
Do you know Jesus Christ?
You're running out of time.
You may be living in one of those areas I just talked about in the middle of the night—those bombs might be falling on your house.
I talk to people all over the world, and you're all different kinds of lifestyles.
And right now, I think it's probably Australia and some other places usually by now, but here in a little bit, I always have my German friends watching.
I just want you to really search yourself right now as we get ready to close this out and say, "Do I know Jesus and does he know me?
" And if you're here right now, I want you to put in the comment section right now, "I need to be saved.
" I want you to put in the comment section, "Tonight, I'm coming home.
Tonight, I'm going to come back home.
I don't want to run anymore.
I'm running to God.
I'm not running from him anymore.
I need Jesus.
" I don't know how many of you there are, but even if there's just one of you, it's worth it.
And I want to say a prayer with you, and I want to lead you back to Jesus tonight.
I want you to run with him with your arms wide open.
You run to God when you sin, you don't run away from him.
The moment you confess it, it's no more, whatever it is that you're dealing with.
So, I'm going to say a prayer right now, and you're going to repeat it after me.
It's a simple prayer.
It's not religious.
I hate religion, and I'll say it again: I'm all about relationship.
So, I want you to say this prayer with me right now.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I believe that you wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of Life tonight as I pray.
Wash me with your precious blood.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Thank you, Jesus.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you.
I'll serve you with all my heart.
From this day forward, help me, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that if I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
The Bible says, 'With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
' So I confess my sins before you, Father, and I believe that you're the son of God and that today I'm saved.
Thank you, Lord, that I have a new start today.
From this day forward, Lord, I'll serve you.
" That's it.
You're forgiven.
And I believe the angels in heaven are rejoicing about your decision tonight to turn back to Jesus.
I believe that all the fortune tellers, if you want to accept Jesus Christ, you probably have to go through a little bit of some deliverance because you've let some stuff in.
But that ain't nothing.
I've been there, done that, and Jesus set me free.
And if he'll do it for me, he'll do it for you.
Nobody knows how bound Braden was, and Jesus set me free.
So, I just want to let you know that he'll set you free, too.
So, get in a Bible-believing church, a non-denominational church.
That's where I would go.
And I would tell that pastor there, say, "I need to be water-baptized.
I want to be water-baptized.
Help me to get plugged in here.
I need to find a family, a home church to go to" and go there on Wednesday, Sunday, whenever they have Bible study, whenever they have prayer, whatever they're going to be doing there.
You get involved in it.
Plug yourself in there.
Get excited about this decision that you just made tonight to accept Jesus Christ and read your Bible and pray.
Come pray with us and you will never be the same again.
You say, "Brandon, I don't have a Bible.
" Well, my wife and I would love to buy you your first Bible.
If you just got born again tonight and you said the sinner's prayer with us, tell us in the email down below.
You'll see an email down there.
I want you to email us and say, "I got saved and I would like to have my free Bible from being on your channel, praying with us on this channel tonight.
" We'll never solicit you again.
We'll not bother you again.
We're not after anything other than just to celebrate your decision.
So, if you want a free Bible and you said the sinner's prayer with us tonight, and you want it, we'll send it to you from Amazon.
So, that's all we want.
We want to just celebrate the decision you made tonight.
And we want to say congratulations.
You made the best decision you could have ever made.
So, I don't know how many people gave their heart to Jesus tonight, but if we had any, Braden, I'd like to know about it.
Do we have any?
Yes.
67 salvations tonight.
Congratulations to all 67 of you.
That's a wonderful thing.
I'm glad you came home to Jesus.
He has a plan for your life.
It wasn't an accident that you came tonight.
He called you and has chose you for such a time as this.
That's a wonderful thing.
67 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
Wonderful.
Wow.
That's a blessing.
Well, did you get something out of this tonight, y'all?
Did you have fun?
I don't even know what time it is.
What time did we even start this?
10.
It's 10 right now.
Yeah.
It's been going for 2 hours and 26 minutes.
Everybody said, "Brandon, you're too long.
Brandon, you're too long.
" I'm like, "Yay, man.
You let the Holy Spirit flow.
He's in control.
" So, you can rewind, fast forward it, and watch it back some other day.
So, well, God bless you all.
I'm gonna end it there.
It's getting late.
10 o'clock.
I didn't start it and let it go until 11.
I'm trying to get a different kind of crowd.
So, seven is my—the sevenish people versus the midnighters.
It's like a little earlier versus really late.
I don't know.
But God bless you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.